todo.md, before:

- UX
    - [ ] Improve error handling. Currently I'm using runtime asserts.
    - [x] Check clang, use clang automagiccly
    - [x] Allow compiler options like `-o`
    - [ ] Autolink libraries using the provided libname in extern
    - [ ] Add `build.bat` and `build.sh`
        - [x] `build.bat`
        - [ ] `build.sh`
    - [ ] Binding generators?
- Translation
    - [x] Don't reinclude included files.
    - [ ] Package definitions to help with transpile. add package name to begin of each module declaration
    - [ ] Currently the extern libname isnt used at all
    - [ ] Type inference from struct fields
        - This should be moved to typecheker
        - Autocast doesn't work on struct fields
    - [ ] Imported files
        - [ ] Include paths should be relative to the file importing it not relative to where the program is being executed.
        - [ ] Files are copied into provided main files and could be accessed only if used to remove unneccessary code
        - [x] Currently leaks due to need of keep definitions!
    - [ ] Fix: Getting types of struct fields with more than on layer deep breaks: `foo.bar.baz`
    - [x] Fix: `fncall(fncall2())` breaks cause transpiler places `;` at argument level
    - [x] Add `cstring` internal to place string instead of creating a lenght string.
- Parser
    - [ ] Add positions to expressions?
    - [ ] Allow empty init/cond/post in for loop statement
    - [ ] Single token expression should be placed into a single statement
    - [x] Expandable arguments
        - This is actual the `...` in C land. This is need for the C functions like `printf`.
        - Currently is only used in translation to actual place the `...` in the function declaration.
    - [ ] Fix: `<` has lower precedence than `+`. `a + b > c` breaks
    - [x] Allow symbols on identifiers like: _, 0-9
    - [ ] Allow functions on structs
    - [ ] Add: ==, !, <=, >=, -, &&, ||, &, |, ^, ~
        - [x] `!`
        - [x] `-`
    - [ ] Change StructFieldExpr to SelectorExpr and allow `fncall().x`
    - [ ] Allow use of compiler flags on parsing
        - Something like: `#cflags="-c"`
    - [x] Explicit cast: `"asas" as cstr`
        - [x] Breaks on `x as y + 3`. This is probably fixed with parentisis expression.
    - [ ] Type definition: `typedef ...`
    - [ ] Change assigns flags to an enum.
    - [x] Floats
    - [ ] Enums
    - [ ] Constant expressions `const a = 10`
    - [ ] Fix `x.y[z]` breaks.
    - [ ] `-100` breaks
- Testing
    - [ ] Maybe remove the translation tests
    - [ ] Add test for compiled executable output
    - [ ] Add `-fo` option to format cpp output with `clang-format`
- Internal + STD
    - [x] Dynamic array
        - [ ] Reimplement as builtin instead of c++ implementation
        - [ ] Add builtin functions like `append` that transpiles to the dynamic version
        - [ ] Add support for `len`
    - [ ] Maps
    - [ ] Typeinfo
- General
    - [ ] Try not to piggy back to much on the c++ compiler for errors
        - [ ] Undeclared definitions can be checked before

Commit message:

Remove c++ warning due to char* strings

todo.md, after:

- UX
    - [ ] Improve error handling. Currently I'm using runtime asserts.
    - [x] Check clang, use clang automagiccly
    - [x] Allow compiler options like `-o`
    - [ ] Autolink libraries using the provided libname in extern
    - [ ] Add `build.bat` and `build.sh`
        - [x] `build.bat`
        - [ ] `build.sh`
    - [ ] Binding generators?
- Translation
    - [x] Don't reinclude included files.
    - [ ] Package definitions to help with transpile. add package name to begin of each module declaration
    - [ ] Currently the extern libname isnt used at all
    - [ ] Type inference from struct fields
        - This should be moved to typecheker
        - Autocast doesn't work on struct fields
    - [ ] Imported files
        - [ ] Include paths should be relative to the file importing it not relative to where the program is being executed.
        - [ ] Files are copied into provided main files and could be accessed only if used to remove unneccessary code
        - [x] Currently leaks due to need of keep definitions!
    - [ ] Fix: Getting types of struct fields with more than on layer deep breaks: `foo.bar.baz`
    - [x] Fix: `fncall(fncall2())` breaks cause transpiler places `;` at argument level
    - [x] Add `cstring` internal to place string instead of creating a lenght string.
    - [ ] CPP Things
        - [ ] `^char` translates to `char*` and c++11 doesn't allow writable strings so `-Wno-writable-strings` is hardcoded.
- Parser
    - [ ] Add positions to expressions?
    - [ ] Allow empty init/cond/post in for loop statement
    - [ ] Single token expression should be placed into a single statement
    - [x] Expandable arguments
        - This is actual the `...` in C land. This is need for the C functions like `printf`.
        - Currently is only used in translation to actual place the `...` in the function declaration.
    - [ ] Fix: `<` has lower precedence than `+`. `a + b > c` breaks
    - [x] Allow symbols on identifiers like: _, 0-9
    - [ ] Allow functions on structs
    - [ ] Add: ==, !, <=, >=, -, &&, ||, &, |, ^, ~
        - [x] `!`
        - [x] `-`
    - [ ] Change StructFieldExpr to SelectorExpr and allow `fncall().x`
    - [ ] Allow use of compiler flags on parsing
        - Something like: `#cflags="-c"`
    - [x] Explicit cast: `"asas" as cstr`
        - [x] Breaks on `x as y + 3`. This is probably fixed with parentisis expression.
    - [ ] Type definition: `typedef ...`
    - [ ] Change assigns flags to an enum.
    - [x] Floats
    - [ ] Enums
    - [ ] Constant expressions `const a = 10`
    - [ ] Fix `x.y[z]` breaks.
    - [ ] `-100` breaks
- Testing
    - [ ] Maybe remove the translation tests
    - [ ] Add test for compiled executable output
    - [ ] Add `-fo` option to format cpp output with `clang-format`
- Internal + STD
    - [x] Dynamic array
        - [ ] Reimplement as builtin instead of c++ implementation
        - [ ] Add builtin functions like `append` that transpiles to the dynamic version
        - [ ] Add support for `len`
    - [ ] Maps
    - [ ] Typeinfo
- General
    - [ ] Try not to piggy back to much on the c++ compiler for errors
        - [ ] Undeclared definitions can be checked before
